  The game is best played with two three, or four players The game end when one player has no more cards in their hand.
  When one player has emptied their hand the player with the highest score is the winner.
  
  THE DECK

  One standard deck of 52 cards is used. Cards in each suit rank, from low to high:

  Ace 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Jack Queen King

  THE DEAL

  The player is dealt to first. After that, the computer players go in rank order. The cards
  are dealt one at a time, and after the deal, the next card is placed face up on the table to start the discard pile,
  and the remainder of the deck is placed face down beside it to form the stock. 

  OBJECT OF THE GAME

  The object of the game is to dispose of all the cards in your hand. There are three ways to get rid of cards:
  melding, laying off, and discarding.

  Melding is taking a combination of cards from your hand, and placing it face up in front of you on the table,
  where it stays. There are two kinds of combination which can be melded: sequences (also known as runs) and groups
  (also known as sets or books).

  A sequence or run consists of three or more cards of the same suit in consecutive order, such as club4, club5, club6
  or heart8, heart9, heart10, heartJ.

  A group, set or book is three or four cards of the same rank, such as diamond7, heart7, spade7.

  Laying off is adding a card or cards from your hand to any meld already on the table, even if is not your meld. 
  The cards added to a meld must make another valid meld. For example to the club4, club5, club6 you could add 
  the club3 or the club7. You are not permitted to rearrange the melds in the process. 
  For example, club2, heart2, diamond2, spade2 and spade3, spade4, spade5 have been melded, you are not permitted to 
  move the spade2 from the group to the sequence, so as to lay off the spadeA.

  Discarding is playing a card from your hand on top of the discard pile. You get rid of one card this way at the
  end of each turn.

  PLAY

  The human player always takes their turn first.

  Each turn consists of the following parts:

  The Draw. You must begin by taking one card from either the top of the Stock pile or the top card on the discard
  pile, and adding it to your hand. The discard pile is face up, so you can see in advance what you are getting.
  The stock is face down, so if you choose to draw from the stock you do not see the card until after you have
  committed yourself to take it. If you draw from the stock, you add the card to your hand without showing it to
  the other players.

  Melding: If you have valid groups or sequences in your hand, you may lay as many melds as you can make face up on the
  table in front of you. Melding is optional; you are not obliged to meld just because you can.

  Laying off: This is also optional. If you wish, you may add cards to groups or sequences previously melded by
  yourself or others. There is no limit to the number of cards a player may lay off in one turn. The points for each 
  card laid off will be added to the score of the player who laid off the card.

  The Discard: At the end of your turn, one card must be discarded from your hand and placed on top of the discard
  pile face up. You may discard any card, but you may not discard multiple cards. Once you discard your turn has ended.

  If the stock pile has run out the discard pile, save the top card, will be automatically shuffled and added to the 
  stock so as to continue play.

  A player wins by either melding, laying off, or discarding all of his or her cards.
  Getting rid of your last card in one of these ways is called going out. As soon as someone goes out, play ceases.
  There can be no further melding or laying off, even if the other players have valid combinations in their hands.

  SCORING

  The Scoring for each card laid down is as follows:

  Face cards (K,Q,J) and 10 are worth 10 points each
  Aces are worth 20 points each.
  Number Cards are worth 5 points each.


